Update docs: configuring-playbook-ntfy.md and others (#4160)
spantaleev/matrix-docker-ansible-deploy: docs/configuring-playbook-ntfy.md

Using the [UnifiedPush](https://unifiedpush.org) standard, ntfy enables self-hosted (Google-free) push notifications from Matrix (and other) servers to UnifiedPush-compatible Matrix compatible client apps running on Android and other devices.

See the project's [documentation](https://docs.ntfy.sh/) to learn what it does and why it might be useful to you.

**Notes**:

> - To make use of your ntfy installation, you need installing `ntfy` app on your device and configuring your UnifiedPush-compatible Matrix client. **Otherwise your device will not receive push notifications from the ntfy server.** Refer [this section](#usage) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To make use of your ntfy installation, you need to install [the `ntfy` app](https://docs.ntfy.sh/subscribe/phone/) on your device and configuring your UnifiedPush-compatible Matrix client. **Otherwise your device will not receive push notifications from the ntfy server.** Refer [this section](#usage) for details.
```

- This playbook focuses on setting up a ntfy server for getting it send UnifiedPush notifications to Matrix-related services that this playbook installs, while the installed server will be available for other non-Matrix apps as well like [Tusky](https://tusky.app/) and [DAVx⁵](https://www.davx5.com/). This playbook does not intend to support all of ntfy's features.

> The Ansible role for ntfy is developed and maintained by [the MASH (mother-of-all-self-hosting) project](https://github.com/mother-of-all-self-hosting/ansible-role-ntfy). For details about configuring ntfy, you can check them via:

Reviewer: Here, the link is named **the MASH (mother-of-all-self-hosting) project**.

Seeing this, I (and possibly others) would probably expect it to link to the MASH project - most likely to the Github organization: https://github.com/mother-of-all-self-hosting

Linking to to the `ansible-role-ntfy` repository is surprising.

Perhaps something like this is better:

```suggestion
The [Ansible role for ntfy](https://github.com/mother-of-all-self-hosting/ansible-role-ntfy) is developed and maintained by [the MASH (mother-of-all-self-hosting) project](https://github.com/mother-of-all-self-hosting). For details about configuring ntfy, you can check them via:
```

Author: Addressed with 6445051.

To enable ntfy, add the following configuration to your `inventory/host_vars/matrix.example.com/vars.yml` file:

```yaml
# Enabling it is the only required setting
########################################################################
#                                                                      #
# ntfy                                                                 #
#                                                                      #
########################################################################

ntfy_enabled: true

# Uncomment to enable the ntfy web app (disabled by default)

> # ntfy_web_root: app  # defaults to "disable"

Reviewer: Looks like this part is only in the role's docs now.

While this current document mentions that these docs are more detailed and links to them, it only does so in the beginning introduction and not later on (when you've actually started and made progress configuring `ntfy` installation). Maybe it's easy to miss this way?

Perhaps some new `### Adjusting additional configuration` section (which is last and comes before `## Installing`) would be a helpful reminder.

Maybe this part:

> For details about configuring ntfy, you can check them via:
> - 🌐 [the role's documentation at the MASH project](https://github.com/mother-of-all-self-hosting/ansible-role-ntfy/blob/main/docs/configuring-ntfy.md) online
> - 📁 `roles/galaxy/ntfy/docs/configuring-ntfy.md` locally, if you have [fetched the Ansible roles](installing.md#update-ansible-roles)

.. can be moved to that section, instead of being in the introduction?

Author: Created a section for the web app with 7463b99 :+1:
